The correct way to start the enstore servers is to use the command
enstore-start, and the correct way to stop them is to use the command
enstore-stop.  These commands work at the 90% level, so there may be some
problems. Usually the error messages let you know what is wrong and alot of
times it is pilot error.  A ps command is also generally useful.

When starting up servers, yon specify which configuration server the server is
going to use by specifying a configuration server host and port.  If you don't
specify it, the server will use the standard defaults.  There can only 1
volume clerk, file clerk and library manager server running per configuration
server. There can be any number of movers.  If you have multiple configuration
servers, you can have multiple other servers as well. It's also possible to
have one server serving multiple configuration servers.

--------------------------CONFIGURATION SERVER--------------------------------

The 1st server that has to be started is the configuration server.  This is
the server that tells everyone else the system configuration.  The first thing
every other server does when it starts up is ask the configuration server for
information.

If you want to see what is in the configuration server's dictionary, try the
command     econ --config_list --dict

If you want to change the dictionary, try the command
    econ --load --config_file file
Don't do the on the default server, only your private test one!!!


--------------------------VOLUME CLERK----------------------------------------

The volume clerk keeps track of what volumes are available file family and how
much room is left on each volume.

You need to specify volumes when you start. This is done with the python
envoltool module.  There are 6 arguments: library, file family, media type,
name of this volume, capacity of this vol in bytes, and remaining capacity of
this volume.

The current way (I plan on changing this) to do this is
python $ENSTORE_DIR/src/envoltool.py addvol activelibrary family_raw \
                                     floppy flop1 1400000 1400000

If you use the standard servers, this has been done already so don't add any
volumes.  This should be viewed as an administrator's job.

There isn't any nice way to dump the volume information right now.  But all
the information can be seen simply by listing volume_clerk.jou in the enstore
etc directory.  That's the journal database file for the volume clerk.


--------------------------FILE CLERK------------------------------------------

The file clerk keeps track of, and generates, bit file id's for the files that
have been written to the volumes.

There isn't any nice way to dump the file information right now.  But all the
information can be seen simply by listing file_clerk.jou in the enstore etc
directory.  That's the journal database file for the file clerk.


--------------------------LIBRARY MANAGER-------------------------------------

The library manager controls the work queue and is the main interface between
the user's encp program and the rest of the system.

There isn't any way to see what is going on in the library manager right now
(that I know about).  It's clearly possible to write an interface to do this.
This information is needed for the users.


--------------------------MOVER-----------------------------------------------

The mover is responsible for moving data between the user's filespace and its
final media.  There is 1 mover server for each tape drive.

There isn't any way to see what is going on in the movers right now (that I
know about).  It's clearly possible to write an interface to do this.  This
information is needed for the users.

